=head1 NAME

Hash::Case::Preserve - hash with enforced lower cased keys

=head1 INHERITANCE

 Hash::Case::Preserve
   is a Hash::Case
   is a Tie::StdHash

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 use Hash::Case::Preserve;
 tie my(%cphash), 'Hash::Case::Preserve';
 $cphash{StraNGeKeY} = 3;
 print keys %cphash;         # StraNGeKeY
 print $cphash{strangekey};  # 3
 print $cphash{STRANGEKEY};  # 3

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Hash::Case::Preserve extends L<Hash::Case|Hash::Case>, which lets you play
various trics with hash keys. This extension implements a fake
hash which is case-insentive. The keys are administered in the
casing as they were used: case-insensitive but case-preserving.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Constructors

$obj-E<gt>B<addHashData>(HASH)

=over 4

See L<Hash::Case/"Constructors">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<addPairs>(PAIRS)

=over 4

See L<Hash::Case/"Constructors">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<setHash>(HASH)

=over 4

See L<Hash::Case/"Constructors">

=back

B<tie>(HASH, 'Hash::Case::Preserve', [VALUES,] OPTIONS)

=over 4

Define HASH to be case insensitive, but case preserving.
The hash is initialized with the VALUES, specified as ref-array (passing
a list of key-value pairs) or ref-hash.

OPTIONS is a list of key/value pairs, which specify how the hash
must handle preservation.  Current options:

 Option--Default
 keep    'LAST'

. keep => 'FIRST' | 'LAST'

=over 4

Which casing is the prefered casing?  The FIRST appearance or the LAST.
Only stores will affect the casing, deletes will undo the definition.
Defaults to LAST, which is slightly faster.

=back

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

This module is part of Hash-Case distribution version 1.01,
built on February 15, 2010. Website: F<http://perl.overmeer.net/hash-case/>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyrights 2002-2003,2007-2010 by Mark Overmeer. For other contributors see ChangeLog.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.
See F<http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html>

